Perhaps due to the
frequent disasters last year,
Cursed Spirits surged like maggots.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Exorcising, absorbing.
I kept repeating these tasks.
Exorcising.
Absorbing.
No one knows
the taste of Cursed Spirits.
It's like swallowing a cloth
that has wiped vomit.
Exorcising.
Absorbing.
What I saw wasn't anything special,
just well-known abominations.
I understand this very well.
That's why I've chosen to
be a Jujutsu Sorcerer to help people.
Since that day,
I've been constantly convincing myself.
Since that day...
That place
was originally a mansion
of a company president
who ran a local barbecue chain store.
But last July,
due to the mad cow disease,
the barbecue store
suffered a devastating blow.
The president was burdened by huge debts
and committed suicide with his family.
Since then, the mansion
has become a well-known haunted spot.
Local high school students,
college students from other towns,
and freelancers
all came here to test their courage
and then disappeared one after another.
Perhaps it's the word of mouth
that led to the expansion of victims.
After all, rumors about haunted
spots spread particularly fast.
Especially recently, the spread is
incredibly fast because of the internet.
As a result, the Jujutsu Sorcerers'
workload has also increased.
In addition, there are
three elementary school students
who disappeared on their way home,
their family members, the police,
their colleagues,
and friends.
They might have gone to the mansion
to search for the missing people,
and ended up being victimized.
It seems we must solve it
as soon as possible.
Jujutsu Headquarters think so too.
WARNING, NO ENTRY, FREQUENT DISAPPEARANCES
That's why they asked me to investigate.
They even offered a considerable reward.
Did you extort them again?
Don't make it sound so bad.
We negotiated.
Here we are.
Let's go.
(Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2)
Emerge from the darkness,
blacker than darkness.
Purify...
No need to pull down the curtain.
I can't sense any cursed energy.
It's most likely inside the building.
Just pull down the curtain
when we need to do it outside.
MAKES SENSE
The door is open.
But there's something blocking it.
What are these?
Miss Mei,
there is indeed a curse.
And it's everywhere.
Let's hurry inside.
I don't need a flashlight,
but you do, right?
Thank you so much.
Alright.
How magnificent.
There's still electricity here.
Let's do a quick check
inside the building first.
I'll check this floor,
and you go upstairs.
Alone?
Is there a problem?
No, no problem.
Then I'll leave it to you.
Alright.
This is the last room.
You could be a scream queen.
Don't scare me like that!
You're scaring yourself.
Have you finished the first floor?
This is the first floor.
I came along the
corridor on the first floor.
But
I think I just entered
the last room.
Snack box.
Potato chip packaging.
Drink cans, backpacks, sportswear.
I've already seen these things
three times.
And I left this mark
on my way here.
It seems
we have been trapped here.
Really?
How long is this corridor?
We've been walking for almost 30 minutes.
About four kilometers.
This isn't an innate domain, right?
No.
That is a manifestation of mental scenery.
So what is it?
Barrier technique.
Correct.
The victims were
probably trapped here too,
and eventually killed
by the Cursed Spirit.
But judging by the Cursed Technique,
the Cursed Spirit itself
isn't that strong.
As long as we can escape this barrier...
Now the question is
how you would break through?
This corridor will loop infinitely.
At first
it felt like this.
You're bold to touch it with bare hands.
I imagined it as a structure
similar to a doughnut.
But we've passed your mark four times.
I calculated the intervals
with my steps, and they are
122 steps,
203 steps,
157 steps,
and 270 steps.
So marks and the interval
between marks are random.
I see.
The range of the loop is not fixed.
So I think
it's probably something like this.
The barrier is actually pieced together.
So as long as we run at
full speed in the corridor,
this barrier will surely
collapse at some point.
Almost, 90 points.
What did I miss?
If we have to run,
we must run in opposite directions, right?
I got it.
If my assumption of
the structure is correct,
then two people moving at high
speed in different directions
is more likely to break the barrier.
Once there's a gap,
we might be able to escape.
100 points.
That's decided then.
If it works,
you have to recommend me for a promotion.
How much money do you have?
What?
Never mind, I'll consider it.
Okay.
So...
Ready.
Run!
It worked!
I came to save you,
Utahime.
(Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2)
(Hidden Inventory / Premature Death)
JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL, SOPHOMORE, SATORU GOJO
Are you crying?
GRADE 2 JUJUTSU SORCERER, UTAHIME IORI
I'm not crying.
Use honorifics with me.
GRADE 2 JUJUTSU SORCERER, UTAHIME IORI
If I cried, would you comfort me?
GRADE 1 JUJUTSU SORCERER, MEI MEI
I'd really like to try.
Miss Mei would never cry,
as you're so strong.
Is that so?
Gojo,
listen carefully.
I don't need you to save me.
Don't swallow it!
I'll absorb it later.
JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL, SOPHOMORE, SUGURU GETO
Satoru, it's not good to pick on the weak.
Which idiot would pick on the strong?
It's you who are being provocative, Geto.
Senior Utahime!
Are you alright?
JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL, SOPHOMORE, SHOKO IEIRI
Shoko!
I was really worried about you.
JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL, SOPHOMORE, SHOKO IEIRI
I haven't heard from you for two whole days.
Shoko!
Shoko, don't become like them!
I won't.
LOUSY
I won't become that lousy.
The ground where Utahime
stepped on will collapse!
Shut up.
Two days.
So the Cursed Spirit's barrier
indeed has time distortion.
It is rare, but we can
occasionally see it.
It just feels strange to me
since Miss Mei was also here.
Seems like it.
What?
Nothing. In other words,
I've actually been working for two days.
I think I need to ask
for additional compensation.
You're gonna extort someone again.
Back to the topic, all of you.
Where is the curtain?
A GAS PIPE EXPLOSION DUE TO DISREPAIR
Next news.
An explosion occurred yesterday in Hamamatsu City, Shizuoka Prefecture.
- The cause was a gas pipe in disrepair.
- One of you said you'd pull down the curtain,
- Now we're switching to our reporter on the scene.
- and then you left the assistant supervisor and ran away, right?
GRADE 1 JUJUTSU SORCERER, MASAMICHI YAGA
You forgot to pull down the curtain.
Who was it?
Mister, can we not find the culprit?
Looks like it's you.
GUIDANCE
But anyway,
is it really necessary
to pull down the curtain?
It shouldn't matter
if ordinary people see it.
They can't see Cursed
Spirits or Jujutsu anyway.
Of course it's necessary.
To suppress Cursed Spirits,
it's crucial to maintain
their peace of mind.
For this, we must do our
best to hide the threats
that are invisible to them.
- Not just that...
- I get it.
But it's exhausting to care for the weak.
Seriously.
The weak get to survive
is the way society should be organized.
Suppressing the strong
and supporting the weak.
Listen carefully, Satoru.
Jujutsu exists to protect non-sorcerers.
What a grand speech.
I hate grand speeches.
What?
Imposing reasons or
responsibilities on power.
Isn't that a behavior only the weak have?
Don't just stand there on your
high horse making your big talk.
Better scram.
Let's talk outside, Satoru.
Are you lonely?
Go out yourself.
How long are you gonna keep this farce?
Where did Shoko go?
No idea.
To the bathroom, I guess.
Never mind.
There is a mission for you two.
What's that look?
Nothing.
Frankly, I think this mission
is too demanding for you guys.
But Master Tengen named you two.
The mission has two parts.
Star Plasma Vessel,
the suitable vessel for Master Tengen.
You will guard the girl
and get rid of her.
To guard and get rid of that kid?
That's right.
Has he finally lost it?
It's spring after all.
And he's about to become the
next principal. He must be too happy.
Enough with the jokes.
It's my decision whether
to take it as a joke.
- Is Master Tengen's Cursed Technique about to be initialized?
- It's my decision whether to take it as a joke.
What does that mean?
What?
Although Master Tengen has the
Cursed Technique of Immortality,
he's not ageless.
Aging alone isn't a problem,
but when aging exceeds a certain level,
the Cursed Technique will try
to rebuild the body.
Evolution.
He will no longer be a human,
but a higher-level being.
Isn't that great?
Sounds cool.
According to Master Tengen,
once that stage is reached,
his will is about to cease to exist,
and he will no longer be Master Tengen.
TOKYO JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL
For all the Jujutsu high schools,
the barriers of the
Jujutsu realm's strongholds,
the barrier techniques of
numerous assistant supervisors,
they all rely on Master Tengen
to increase their strength.
Without his help,
we won't even be able to
carry out defense and missions.
In the worst case,
Master Tengen might even
become an enemy of humanity.
So, every 500 years,
he has to merge with
a Star Plasma Vessel,
that is a suitable human
for Master Tengen,
and rewrite the body's information.
As long as the body is rejuvenated,
the Cursed Technique's effect
will be restored
and there will be no evolution.
Understood.
It's okay to evolve into
a mechanical Tyrannosaurus,
but not into a zombie Tyrannosaurus.
So we have to start over
from a Koromon, right?
You can think of it that way.
But the location of that Star
Plasma Vessel girl was disclosed.
Now there are two groups of
people who want to kill the girl.
The Curse User Group Q. They want
Master Tengen to lose self-control,
so they can seek to subvert
the current Jujutsu realm.
The other one is the Star Religious Group
that worships Master Tengen,
Time Vessel Association.
Master Tengen and the Star Plasma Vessel
will merge under full moon in two days.
Before that day,
you must protect that girl
and bring her to Master Tengen.
If the mission fails,
it may even affect the general public.
You must be very careful.
Well.
I can understand the intention
of Curse User Group Q.
But why did the Star Religious
Group want to kill that girl?
Because they worship
the pure Master Tengen.
They don't allow the Star Plasma Vessel,
an impurity, to tarnish him.
The Star Religious Group
is a non-sorcerers group,
so we don't need to worry about them.
What we need to be most wary of is "Q".
There shouldn't be any problem.
We are the strongest after all.
That's why Master Tengen asked for us.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Satoru, I wanted to remind you before.
You should stop using "I" as a pronoun.
Especially in front of
people of higher status.
We might meet Master Tengen later.
You should use "me."
Or at least use "younger".
So that people younger than you
won't be so afraid of you.
I don't want to.
I'm telling you, Satoru... Never mind.
We'll talk about it next time.
Coming.
Is she still alive?
I am still alive.
If that girl died now,
would they blame us?
AH
Ah.
Don't hate me.
Q COMBATANT KOKUN
Hate Master Tengen instead.
Please don't make a big fuss.
I just got scolded this morning.
This kid is the Star Plasma Vessel.
Judging by your uniform, you are a Jujutsu
sorcerer from the high school, right?
Hand over that girl,
or I'll kill you.
I can't hear you clearly.
Can you come closer?
I caught up...
Impressive.
You're Satoru Gojo, right?
Q COMBATANT BAYER
You're famous.
I heard you're very strong.
Let me confirm if the rumors are true.
Sure.
But let's decide on the rules first.
Rules?
I don't want to be
scolded for going too far.
As long as you cry and apologize,
I'll spare your life.
That's the rule.
You brat.
It's started.
The Star Religious Group has no power
to fight against jujutsu sorcerers.
But they're quite generous with money.
I can guarantee that.
What do you think, Zenin?
Will you join the assassination
of the Star Plasma Vessel.
I'm no longer a Zenin,
because I got married.
My last name is Fushiguro now.
Alright.
I accept the proposal.
(Episode 25: Hidden Inventory)
Sometimes there are some unfamiliar words
spinning around in my head for no reason.
Like Konden Einen Shizai Law?
Exactly, like Corporate Governance.
(Next Episode: Hidden Inventory - 2 -)
Next Episode: Hidden Inventory - 2 -
Stay tuned.
(Next Episode: Hidden Inventory - 2 -)
Shoko, give me another one.
Chagu Chagu Umakko.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm